docs: transform addons (#74379)
metabase/metabase: docs/data-studio/transforms/jobs-and-runs.md

Jobs will run all transforms tagged with any of the tags, plus any transforms that the tagged transforms depend on, see [Jobs will run all dependent transforms](#jobs-will-run-all-dependent-transforms).

You can see which transforms a job will run and in which order on the job's page.

### See all jobs

To see all jobs, go to **Data Studio** and click the **Jobs** at the bottom of the left sidebar.

### Create a job

To create a new job:

1. Go to **Data Studio > Jobs**
2. Click the **+ New** button in the top right.
3. Specify the schedule: select one of the built-in schedules or use cron syntax to specify a custom schedule,

   ![Jobs schedule](../images/jobs-schedule.png)

   Job can use multiple tags, and will run all transforms that have _any_ of those tags. For example, you can have a job "Weekend job" that is scheduled run at noon on Saturdays and Sundays that picks up all transforms tagged either "Saturday", "Sunday", or "Weekend".

### Delete a job

Deleting a job will not delete any transforms.

> Jobs can't be restored. If you want to temporarily stop a job from running, consider disabling it instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deleted jobs can't be restored. If you want to temporarily stop a job from running, consider disabling the job instead.
```

> To delete a job:

Author: i spent 23 years in school for this...

Reviewer: This page could use an Easter Egg.

1. Go to **Data Studio > Jobs**.
2. Find the job you want to delete and click the **three dots** icon to the right of the job's name.
3. Select **Delete**.

> ### Disable jobs

Reviewer: Maybe disable job section first, given the dire consequences of deleting?

> You can disable jobs without deleting them. This is useful when you want to temporarily stop transforms from running - for example, for debugging purposes - but you don't want to lose configuration settings like tags and schedules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable jobs without deleting them. Unlike deletion (which is permanent), disabling a job just means it won't run until you re-enable it. This way you don't your lose configuration settings like tags and schedules.
```

To disable a specific job:

1. Go to **Data studio > Jobs**.
2. Find the job you want to disable and click the **three dots** icon to the right of the job's name.
3. Select **Disable**

To disable all jobs:

1. Go to **Data studio > Jobs**.
2. Click the **three dots** icon above the table with all the jobs, and select **Disable all**.

>    ![Disable all jobs](../images/disable-all-jobs.png)

Reviewer: Do we need this image?

Author: The reason it's here is because there are too many _three dot icons_ floating around

Even if you disable all jobs, new jobs will still be created enabled by default.

### Re-enable jobs

If you [disabled any jobs](#disable-jobs), you can later re-enable them:

To re-enable a specific job:

1. Go to **Data studio > Jobs**.
2. Find the job you want to re-enable and click the **three dots** icon to the right of the job's name.
3. Select **Re-enable**

To re-enable all jobs:

1. Go to **Data studio > Jobs**.
2. Click the **three dots** icon above the table with all the jobs, and select **Re-enable all**.

>    ![Reenable all jobs](../images/re-enable-jobs.png)

Reviewer: Or this image?

Author: this one I can live without
